<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:note="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/notebook">

	<h:head>
	
		<style>
			body
			{
				font-family : arial, helvetica, sans-serif;
				background-color : #EAECEE;
			}
			.readme
			{
				float : left;
				align : center;
				width : 40%;
				margin-left : 30%;
				margin-right : 30%;
				background-color : #fff;
				border-radius : 15px;
				padding : 15px;
				border : 1px solid #ccc;
			}
			.returnLinkDiv
			{
				float : right;
				background-color : #EAECEE;
				width : 40%;
				align : center;
				margin-left : 30%;
				margin-right : 30%;
			}
		</style>
	
	    <h:outputScript library="js" name="raphael.js" />
        <h:outputScript library="js" name="jquery.notebook.noteboard.js" />
        <h:outputScript library="js" name="jquery.notebook.keyboard.js" />
	
		<script>
			$(document).ready(function(){

				$("#catInput").keyup(function(e){
					if( $("#catInput").val() == 'cat ' || $("#catInput").val() == 'cat' )
					{
						if( $("#catResponse").css('display') == 'none' )
						{
							$("#catResponse").css('display','inline');
							$("#catResponse").effect('highlight', {color:'#ffff80'}, 2000);
		
						}
					} 
				});

			});
		</script>
	
	</h:head>
	
	<h:body>
	
		<note:keyboard color="#{notebookManagerBean.keyboardColor}" />
				
		<h:form>
		
			<div class="returnLinkDiv">
				<br />
				<p:commandLink style="float : right;" ajax="false" value="Return to Welcome Screen" action="welcome" />
				<br /><br />
			</div>
		
			<div class="readme">

				<div>
					
					<h4>README</h4>
					<p>Welcome to the Research Notebook Manager.  To begin, you should ensure
					   that your web browser is configured as follows:</p>
					<ul>
						<li>Javascript <strong>must</strong> be enabled.</li>
						<li>If you are using Internet Explorer, it is recommended that you use the latest version (IE9).</li>
						<li>If, with any other browser, you encounter issues or seemingly missing functionality, it is 
						    strongly recommended that you upgrade to the latest available stable release version.  See below
						    for links to the latest downloads for most popular web browsers.</li>
					</ul>
					<h5>Using the application:</h5>
					<p>This application is built to be fully accessible for users restricted to a
					   mouse-only method of input.  In order to maximize the efficiency of mouse-based
					   text input, we've created an intuitive on-screen keyboard to assist you.  To
					   enter text into any field in this application, simply <strong>right-click the field</strong>, and the
					   keyboard will appear.  Right-click again, and the keyboard will disappear.  Go ahead and right-click 
					   now on the field below.  Try
					   to enter the word "cat".</p>
					<input type="text" id="catInput" />
					<br />
					<br />
					<p id="catResponse" style="background-color:#fff;display:none;">Good job!  The autocomplete functionality 
					built into the keyboard should help to further reduce the effort required to input text via the mouse.
					Additionally, if you ever discover that the keyboard is obscuring your view of the field you are editing,
					you are free to click and drag the keyboard to move it to a more desirable location while you enter your
					text.</p>
					<h5>Browser downloads:</h5>
					<ul>
						<li><a href="http://chrome.google.com">Google Chrome</a></li>
						<li><a href="http://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/">Mozilla Firefox</a></li>
						<li><a href="http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/internet-explorer/downloads/ie-9/worldwide-languages">Internet Explorer</a></li>
					</ul>
					
				</div>
			</div>
			
		</h:form>
		
	</h:body>
		    
</html>